What is Angular?
Angular is a platform that makes it easy to build applications with the web. Angular combines
module ,declarative templates, dependency injection, service ,end to end tooling, and integrated best
practices to solve development challenges. Angular build applications that live on the web, mobile,
or the desktop.


SPA- Single Page Application
It contain only 1head+1 body
Angular These are, many E.g:
Gmail, Google Maps, GitHub.
ganna.com
SPA environment in the browser — no page reloads, no extra wait time.

MPA- Multipage Application
React js 
vue js

Angular Version/History
Angular Js - 1.x.x -it is developed in Java Script(js)


Angular 2- 2016- It is Developed in Typescript
It Product of Google+Microsoft

Angular 4- Dec2016- 
The developers skipped the version 3 due to some confusion. Its final version was released on 23 March 2017.
- It Adds Routing Concept
-This version introduced HttpClient, a smaller, easier to use, and more powerful library for making HTTP Requests.
- It provides the support of conditionally disable animations.

Angular 5- Nov2017
- It provided some improvements to support for progressive web apps, also provides improvements related to Material Design.


Angular 6 may, 2018
- It was a major relaese which provides some features like: ng update, ng add, Angular Elements, Angular Material + CDK Components, Angular Material Starter Components, CLI Workspaces
- Animations Performance Improvements, and RxJS v6.

Angular 7 October 18, 2018
- Updates regarding Application Performance
Angular Material & CDK
- Virtual Scrolling
- Improved Accessibility of Selects
- Supports Content Projection using web standard for custom elements
- Dependency updates regarding TypeScript 3.1, RxJS 6.3, Node 10

Angular 8 2018
Angular 9 2019

Latest Version Angular 10- June 24, 2020 (Still unstable)

Angular Architecture
I Explained Diagram Block
- View- To Display End User Info
- component - To Process A data or to apply Business logic
- Both are Interconneted with each other of Event Binding & Data Binding
- App Module- It is main module to register your Component,Provider,Service,Routing Module
- Injector- It is 3rd party Liabary (like httpmodule,service,notification etc) provided by Angular


building blocks of Angular
● Modules
● Component
● Binding
● Directives
● Pipe
● Dependency Injection
● Services
● Interface
● HTTP ,Observables and subscribe
● Routing



Explain File Structure - 

1 e2e-End to End
	It is used for end to end testing tool from product testing to production level (i.e. upto live) basically it required for dev ops people

2 .editorconfig- 
	It has "dot" before file name so,It is hidden file .It is used for every one for character editing to configure a editor according to your requirements
3 .gitignore- 
	Basically name implies "ignore" which content to ignore while uploading your work to github, for that purpose it is used.
4 angular.json- 
	It gives All information about the project.Information about File structure path e.g development,testing,e2e-End,production.It is main file for angular to use internally.
5 Package.json-
	It has dependancy to add it.There are 2 dependancy 
	1 Run dependancy
	2 Dev dependancy
	It is same as your java i.e. JVM- Run dependancy & JDK- Dev dependancy
6 tsconfig- 
	It used for typescript configuration, it contain information about typescript which version it is used, which standard it follows etc
7 tslint-
	Which variable has required intelligence or not that you can specify. Developer did not worried about this file.
8 Environments - 
	It is used for to live a project to set flag as environment development to production level.This all stuff handled by DevOps people
9 styles.css-
	It is global style sheet,to apply css globally to all.
10 polyfills.ts-
	It required for angular to fill gap between ES5,ES6 & ES7, Also it it is used for to import animations at browser level.
11 Karma.config-
	It is foundation of testing work flow. Ii is used to download jasmine plugin framework. Jasmine framework is used for testing.It is used to enable the plugin
12 test.ts-
	It is used for testing purpose
13 Index.html-
	It is main file to load your angular application in the browser
14 main.ts-
	It is again file, also it is called entry point function.
15 assets folder-
	It is used for to keep static data inside the assets folder (image,audio,video or custom json file)
16 App folder - 
		It is used for developer to store component files. Every component has 4 basic files
		1 app.component.html - It is used for View Purpose to end user
		2 app.component.css - It is used to apply style effect for particular 	 component
		3 app.component.ts -It is used to process presentation logic data
		4 app.component.specs.ts - It is used for testing file. Every component has one specs.ts file.
		 















 





